delpart: add page (#11135)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/delpart.md

# delpart

> > Asks the Linux kernel to forget about a specified partition on a device.

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#imperative-mood
```suggestion
> Ask the Linux kernel to forget about a partition.
```

> More information: <https://manned.org/delpart>.

> - Tell the kernel to forget about the partition:
> 
> `sudo delpart {{device}} {{partition}}`

Reviewer: > I think adding a concrete example like:
> sudo delpart /dev/sda 1
> would help provide more clarity on how to use the command.

```suggestion
- Tell the kernel to forget about the first partition of `/dev/sda`:

`sudo delpart {{/dev/sda}} {{1}}`
```
